add regional STS endpoint docs to the aws-auth-guide (#1092)
demisto/content-docs: content-repo/extra-docs/articles/aws-auth-guide.md

More information regarding [Trust Relationships can be found here.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/edit_trust.html)

> ### Define Regional STS Endpoint
> Go to Cortex XSOAR User-Interface and follow these steps:
> 1) Settings -> ABOUT -> Troubleshooting
> 2) Press on "Add Server Configuration"
> 3) Fill the Key with the string: python.pass.extra.keys
> 4) Fill the Value with the string: --env=AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS=regional
> 5) Run in the CLI /reset_containers
> 6) Optional: You can test that the env is set properly by running the following in the server CLI - !py script="import os; print(os.environ)"
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Define Regional STS Endpoint

Go to Cortex XSOAR instance and perform the following steps:
1) Settings -> ABOUT -> Troubleshooting
2) Press on "Add Server Configuration"
3) Fill the Key with the string: **python.pass.extra.keys**
4) Fill the Value with the string: **--env=AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS=regional**
5) Run in the CLI: `/reset_containers`
6) Verify that the env is set properly by running the following in the server CLI: `!py script="import os; print(os.environ)"`

```

Author: done
